Why Facebook is outdated ?

Apparently, they bring updates and so on. But the reality is far away from what people take.

Indeed, in France, the major change about time management before that trash application came out was the weekly time working rate which dropped from 40 hours weekly to 35 hours weekly.

Facebook has null criteria such as the deletion process when you need to recycle your presentation, the update of your name when needed because you may not hold the same ID
over time.

They pretend to rule, but if you don't even open their application nor their website, you're the winner !

Professionnals don't waste their time in something inheritied from the racistic british empire cheating on their color ID which is crimson and not blue as actually presented.

Why Facebook is being described so badly here ?

Let me know about something...Facebook is not a reliable service in term of time management process. Their service is going worse over time, and they ask more stupid rules to
follow to their users.

It is a kind of ridiculous because each country share a different culture. Moreover, Facebook seems to be more a waste of time than anything else better.

For your culture, if you check out about the crimson story (for example, crimson killers in Vandal Heart ps1 game), you may find cruel stories about Crimson Peek.

So, California is a racistic spot where racistic histories are written down about mistreatement on people for any reason.

Moreover, they don't mind about their local environnement nor for the healthcare system of their people living in their own trash.

nobody will go there because it is obvious that the crimson is still alive, because when you force them to apply their fake rules on their own application,

they turn it into a blackmail on the deletion tool options. They want you to use their application at any cost, even for free, and they will harass you with a 30 days fake delay where 

nothing is going to happen.

What could be done ? They pop out fake buttons and fake labels where taping the button doesn't make what it indicates. Then, how to get that done ?

Fighting the crimson may be unavoidable, and publishing all of that stuff in this place is the best way to make the code safe and better without bloody dogs from Facebook 

hiding their belonging to the Crimson by using a blue color branding.

The sky used to be blue with the covid-19, and the day after, think about the evolution of the jobs overtime.

Those jobs may disappaear because they break the feodal rules against the invasion.

Facebook is an invasive application where Europe is the last fortress against those dangerous fooes.

If they dare keeping acting on that way, many sellers may loose their job over time, because the code is not a blood dog activity based on amateur built in app technology, 

that may be the result of a strong introspection where the answers through complex electronic computation may not allow such conflits between feodals and imperials.

The confinement in the end may have only concerns for thoses crimson guys using a reverse color branding. But if people definitely stop using those applications time wasting,

the situation will recover fast enough to bring the situation back to normal, excepts with new areas of confined people who deflected people from their duty for a bad reason.
