How to turn the bad into a good game concept ?

Fusing words may be useless at first glance.

But I am a real fan of war strategy games.

Howewer yet, the cadence has become slow over time.

The bad story of Facebook, as an outdated application may lead to an impressive and funny game concept.

The abstraction effort not to specify any army system nor complex architecture through technology is now possible by developping with the new fuseWords Operator.

Off course, the operator is currently at a prototype state, with a lot of missing features.

But let's consider a word generator, and a user with the ability to place words to make them fuse as a main feodal skill.

The imperial has some skills which allows him to spread word here and there.

Your role is to prevent the word invasion from the imperials by choosing between 3 different classes : Lander - Priest - Warlord.

Lander kicks words out, Priest controls the words group, Warlord take words for himself.

To fuse word, if you're a lander, you close the imperial path by sending him to the priest word group.
If your a priest, you have to ban imperial key words from your group to allow a proper fusion: the procession cycle allows you to freeze the word generator.
If you choose the warlord class, the fusion words must entail the imperial words destruction before releasing the hostage word, 
which can destroy both priest group and lander block path....a double edge skill...

My game concept may be fuzzy, but the story of Facebook is very bad in the end.

Here the subject is Facebook Trash. 

Indeed, if you compare the trash deletion process to the game concept, that may be as difficult to deal with a word generator spreading widely anything.

Why letting them propagating discrimination ?

Make the bad be a good thing.

May the influencers are the worst priest of all generations.
May the workers are the worst lander of all the generations.
May the Warlord be the most missing class for that single generation of those two worst.

Not any of those game may have such cool game concept.

They're the one bad playing while thinking they can do it out of all games.
This is a big mistake people should not share anymore for ta simple Trash Application named Facebook.

At this stage, that may be hard to imagine the game just with words and a simple fuseWords prototype operator, but a development may be relevant as a proper teamwork with 

great people willing to produce a good game that nobody could make even before that.

Copying the game patterns of the others is what is commonly seen nowadays, and the result is just a waste due to the circonstances.

If people spend their time on Facebook, they don't spend it for your game project.

Sad but true, not making Facebook an outdated publication means sacrificing the video game concept itself.

But, if I share this in this place, this is because I like the mathematics, but I also like the video games.

Then, let's try to give birth to something new that may override that Facebook outdated thing that leads to mistreatment of many people for nothing.
